README.md, before:

# BOINC client in a Docker container

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/boinc/client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/boinc/client "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/boinc/client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/boinc/client "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")
![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/boinc/client.svg)
![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/boinc/client.svg)
![Docker Cloud Build Status](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/boinc/client.svg)

The client can be accessed remotely or locally with any BOINC Manager.

**Contents**
- [News](#news)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Supported Architectures and Tags](#supported-architectures-and-tags)
- [Swarm mode](#swarm-mode)
- [Parameters](#parameters)
- [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
- [More Info](#more-info)

## News

* **Dec 3 2018:** _Breaking change!_ From version 7.10.2 [on Linux the default working directory changed to](https://boinc.berkeley.edu/wiki/Release_Notes_for_BOINC_7.10) `/var/lib/boinc` from `/var/lib/boinc-client`. We changed our images accordingly. The new images must be run with the new commands, or it won't recognize the previous data and settings.

## Usage

The following command runs the BOINC client Docker container,

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client
```

You can attach a BOINC Manager to the client by launching the BOINC Manager, going to `File > Select computer...`, and entering the IP address of the PC running the Docker container in the "Host name" field (`127.0.0.1` if running locally) as well as the password you set with `BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD` (here `123`),

![image](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc-client-docker/blob/master/manager_connect.png)

As usual, the client can also be controlled from the command line via the `boinccmd` command. 

From the same computer as the one which is running the Docker container, you can issue commands via,

```sh
docker exec boinc boinccmd <args>
```

From other computers, you should use instead,

```sh
docker run --rm boinc/client boinccmd --host <host> --passwd 123 <args>
```

where `<host>` should be the hostname or IP address of the machine running the Docker container. 

You are also free to run `boinccmd` natively if you have it installed, rather than via Docker. 


## Supported Architectures and Tags

You can specialize the `boinc/client` image with either of the following tags to use one of the specialized container version instead.

### x86-64
| Tag | Info |
| :--- | :--- |
| [`latest`, `base-ubuntu` ](Dockerfile.base-ubuntu) | Ubuntu based BOINC client. All of our  **x86-64** images are based on this. |
| [`base-alpine` ](Dockerfile.base-alpine) | Alpine based BOINC client.  **IMPORTANT:** Alpine uses musl instead of glibc, therefore projects might not support it. |
| [`amd`](Dockerfile.amd) | AMD GPU-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#amd-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`intel`](Dockerfile.intel) | Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client. It supports Broadwell (5th generation) CPUs and beyond. Check the usage [below](#intel-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`intel-legacy`](Dockerfile.intel-legacy) | Legacy Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client (Sandybridge - 2nd Gen, Ivybridge - 3rd Gen, Haswell - 4th Gen). Check the usage [below](#legacy-intel-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`multi-gpu`](Dockerfile.multi-gpu) | Intel & Nvidia-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#multi-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`nvidia`](Dockerfile.nvidia) | NVIDIA-savvy (CUDA & OpenCL) BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#nvidia-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`virtualbox`](Dockerfile.virtualbox) | VirtualBox-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#virtualbox-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |

### ARM
| Tag | Info |
| :--- | :--- |
| [`arm32v7` ](Dockerfile.arm32v7) | ARMv7 32-bit savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#armv7-32-bit-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`arm64v8` ](Dockerfile.arm64v8) | ARMv8 64-bit savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#armv8-64-bit-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |


#### AMD GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the [ROCm Driver](https://rocm.github.io/ROCmInstall.html).
- Reboot your system.
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --device /dev/kfd:/dev/kfd \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  --group-add video \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:amd
```

#### Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the Intel GPU Driver.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:intel
```

#### Legacy Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the Intel GPU Driver.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:intel-legacy
```

#### Multi GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have installed the [NVIDIA driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver).
- Install the NVIDIA-Docker version 2.0 by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(version-2.0)).
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --runtime=nvidia \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:multi-gpu
```

#### NVIDIA-savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have installed the [NVIDIA driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver).
- Install the NVIDIA-Docker version 2.0 by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(version-2.0)).
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --runtime=nvidia \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:nvidia
```

#### VirtualBox-savvy BOINC client usage

- Install the `virtualbox-dkms` package on the host.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device=/dev/vboxdrv:/dev/vboxdrv \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:virtualbox
```

#### ARMv7 32-bit savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have [Docker installed on your Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/docker-comes-to-raspberry-pi/) or you are using a [Docker friendly OS](https://blog.hypriot.com/).
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:arm32v7
```

#### ARMv8 64-bit savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you are using a [64-bit OS on your Raspberry Pi](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/RaspberryPi#arm64) and have [Docker installed on your Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/docker-comes-to-raspberry-pi/).
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:arm64v8
```

## Swarm mode

You can use a Docker Swarm to launch a large number of clients, for example across a cluster that you are using for BOINC computation. First, start the swarm and create a network,

```sh
docker swarm init
docker network create -d overlay --attachable boinc
```

If you want, you can connect other nodes to your swarm by running the appropriate `docker swarm join` command on worker nodes as prompted above (although you can just run on one node too).

Then launch your clients,

```sh
docker service create \
  --replicas <N> \
  --name boinc \
  --network=boinc \
  -p 31416 \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client
```

You now have `<N>` clients running, distributed across your swarm. You can issue commands to all of your clients via, 

```sh
docker run --rm --network boinc boinc/client boinccmd_swarm --passwd 123 <args>
```

Note you do not need to specify `--host`. The `boinccmd_swarm` command takes care of sending the command to each of the hosts in your swarm.

Docker Swarm does not support `pid=host` mode. As a result, client settings related to non-boinc CPU usage or exclusion apps will not take effect. 


## Parameters

When running the client, the following parameters are available (split into two halves, separated by a colon, the left hand side representing the host and the right the container side).

| Parameter | Function |
| :--- | :--- |
| `-e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123"` | The password what you need to use, when you connect to the BOINC client.  |
| `-e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc"` | The `--allow_remote_gui_rpc` command-line option allows connecting to the client with any IP address. If you don't want that, you can remove this parameter, but you have to use the `-e BOINC_REMOTE_HOST="IP"`. |
| `-v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc` | The path where you wish BOINC to store its configuration data. |
| `-e BOINC_REMOTE_HOST="IP"` | (Optional) Replace the `IP` with your IP address. In this case you can connect to the client only from this IP. |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | (Optional) Specify a time zone. The default is UTC +0. |
| `--pid=host` | (Optional) Share the host's process namespace, basically allowing processes within the container to see all of the processes on the system. Allows boinc to determine nonboinc processes for CPU percentages and exclusive applications. |


## Docker Compose
You can create the following `docker-compose.yml` file and from within the same directory run the client with `docker-compose up -d` to avoid the longer command from above. 

```yaml
version: '2'
services:

  boinc:
    image: boinc/client
    container_name: boinc
    restart: always
    network_mode: host
    pid: host
    volumes:
      - /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc
    environment:
      - BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD=123
      - BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS=--allow_remote_gui_rpc
```


## More Info
- How to build it yourself: `docker build -t boinc/client -f Dockerfile.base-ubuntu .`
- Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it boinc /bin/bash`
- Monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f boinc`

Commit message:

Update NVIDIA script and use the latest Ubuntu 20.04 image. (#84)
* Update nvidia script and use the latest ubuntu 20.04 image.

* Add News info.

README.md, after:

# BOINC client in a Docker container

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/boinc/client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/boinc/client "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/boinc/client.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/boinc/client "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")
![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/boinc/client.svg)
![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/boinc/client.svg)
![Docker Cloud Build Status](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/boinc/client.svg)

The client can be accessed remotely or locally with any BOINC Manager.

**Contents**
- [News](#news)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Supported Architectures and Tags](#supported-architectures-and-tags)
- [Swarm mode](#swarm-mode)
- [Parameters](#parameters)
- [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
- [More Info](#more-info)

## News

* **2020.08.02:** _Breaking change!_ The NVIDIA-Docker version 2.0 has been deprecated, the required version is Native GPU Support(https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(Native-GPU-Support)). Docker `run` script slightly changed too.

* **2018.12.03:** _Breaking change!_ From version 7.10.2 [on Linux the default working directory changed to](https://boinc.berkeley.edu/wiki/Release_Notes_for_BOINC_7.10) `/var/lib/boinc` from `/var/lib/boinc-client`. We changed our images accordingly. The new images must be run with the new commands, or it won't recognize the previous data and settings.

## Usage

The following command runs the BOINC client Docker container,

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client
```

You can attach a BOINC Manager to the client by launching the BOINC Manager, going to `File > Select computer...`, and entering the IP address of the PC running the Docker container in the "Host name" field (`127.0.0.1` if running locally) as well as the password you set with `BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD` (here `123`),

![image](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc-client-docker/blob/master/manager_connect.png)

As usual, the client can also be controlled from the command line via the `boinccmd` command. 

From the same computer as the one which is running the Docker container, you can issue commands via,

```sh
docker exec boinc boinccmd <args>
```

From other computers, you should use instead,

```sh
docker run --rm boinc/client boinccmd --host <host> --passwd 123 <args>
```

where `<host>` should be the hostname or IP address of the machine running the Docker container. 

You are also free to run `boinccmd` natively if you have it installed, rather than via Docker. 


## Supported Architectures and Tags

You can specialize the `boinc/client` image with either of the following tags to use one of the specialized container version instead.

### x86-64
| Tag | Info |
| :--- | :--- |
| [`latest`, `base-ubuntu` ](Dockerfile.base-ubuntu) | Ubuntu based BOINC client. All of our  **x86-64** images are based on this. |
| [`base-alpine` ](Dockerfile.base-alpine) | Alpine based BOINC client.  **IMPORTANT:** Alpine uses musl instead of glibc, therefore projects might not support it. |
| [`amd`](Dockerfile.amd) | AMD GPU-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#amd-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`intel`](Dockerfile.intel) | Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client. It supports Broadwell (5th generation) CPUs and beyond. Check the usage [below](#intel-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`intel-legacy`](Dockerfile.intel-legacy) | Legacy Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client (Sandybridge - 2nd Gen, Ivybridge - 3rd Gen, Haswell - 4th Gen). Check the usage [below](#legacy-intel-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`multi-gpu`](Dockerfile.multi-gpu) | Intel & Nvidia-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#multi-gpu-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`nvidia`](Dockerfile.nvidia) | NVIDIA-savvy (CUDA & OpenCL) BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#nvidia-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`virtualbox`](Dockerfile.virtualbox) | VirtualBox-savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#virtualbox-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |

### ARM
| Tag | Info |
| :--- | :--- |
| [`arm32v7` ](Dockerfile.arm32v7) | ARMv7 32-bit savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#armv7-32-bit-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |
| [`arm64v8` ](Dockerfile.arm64v8) | ARMv8 64-bit savvy BOINC client. Check the usage [below](#armv8-64-bit-savvy-boinc-client-usage). |


#### AMD GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the [ROCm Driver](https://rocm.github.io/ROCmInstall.html).
- Reboot your system.
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --device /dev/kfd:/dev/kfd \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  --group-add video \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:amd
```

#### Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the Intel GPU Driver.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:intel
```

#### Legacy Intel GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Install the Intel GPU Driver.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:intel-legacy
```

#### Multi GPU-savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have installed the [NVIDIA driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver).
- Install the Native GPU Support by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(Native-GPU-Support)).
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --gpus all \
  --name boinc \
  --device /dev/dri:/dev/dri \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:multi-gpu
```

#### NVIDIA-savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have installed the [NVIDIA driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver).
- Install the Native GPU Support by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(Native-GPU-Support)).
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --gpus all \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:nvidia
```

#### VirtualBox-savvy BOINC client usage

- Install the `virtualbox-dkms` package on the host.
- Run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --device=/dev/vboxdrv:/dev/vboxdrv \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:virtualbox
```

#### ARMv7 32-bit savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you have [Docker installed on your Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/docker-comes-to-raspberry-pi/) or you are using a [Docker friendly OS](https://blog.hypriot.com/).
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:arm32v7
```

#### ARMv8 64-bit savvy BOINC client usage
- Make sure you are using a [64-bit OS on your Raspberry Pi](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/RaspberryPi#arm64) and have [Docker installed on your Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/docker-comes-to-raspberry-pi/).
- Run the following command.

```sh
docker run -d \
  --name boinc \
  --net=host \
  --pid=host \
  -v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client:arm64v8
```

## Swarm mode

You can use a Docker Swarm to launch a large number of clients, for example across a cluster that you are using for BOINC computation. First, start the swarm and create a network,

```sh
docker swarm init
docker network create -d overlay --attachable boinc
```

If you want, you can connect other nodes to your swarm by running the appropriate `docker swarm join` command on worker nodes as prompted above (although you can just run on one node too).

Then launch your clients,

```sh
docker service create \
  --replicas <N> \
  --name boinc \
  --network=boinc \
  -p 31416 \
  -e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123" \
  -e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc" \
  boinc/client
```

You now have `<N>` clients running, distributed across your swarm. You can issue commands to all of your clients via, 

```sh
docker run --rm --network boinc boinc/client boinccmd_swarm --passwd 123 <args>
```

Note you do not need to specify `--host`. The `boinccmd_swarm` command takes care of sending the command to each of the hosts in your swarm.

Docker Swarm does not support `pid=host` mode. As a result, client settings related to non-boinc CPU usage or exclusion apps will not take effect. 


## Parameters

When running the client, the following parameters are available (split into two halves, separated by a colon, the left hand side representing the host and the right the container side).

| Parameter | Function |
| :--- | :--- |
| `-e BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD="123"` | The password what you need to use, when you connect to the BOINC client.  |
| `-e BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS="--allow_remote_gui_rpc"` | The `--allow_remote_gui_rpc` command-line option allows connecting to the client with any IP address. If you don't want that, you can remove this parameter, but you have to use the `-e BOINC_REMOTE_HOST="IP"`. |
| `-v /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc` | The path where you wish BOINC to store its configuration data. |
| `-e BOINC_REMOTE_HOST="IP"` | (Optional) Replace the `IP` with your IP address. In this case you can connect to the client only from this IP. |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | (Optional) Specify a time zone. The default is UTC +0. |
| `--pid=host` | (Optional) Share the host's process namespace, basically allowing processes within the container to see all of the processes on the system. Allows boinc to determine nonboinc processes for CPU percentages and exclusive applications. |


## Docker Compose
You can create the following `docker-compose.yml` file and from within the same directory run the client with `docker-compose up -d` to avoid the longer command from above. 

```yaml
version: '2'
services:

  boinc:
    image: boinc/client
    container_name: boinc
    restart: always
    network_mode: host
    pid: host
    volumes:
      - /opt/appdata/boinc:/var/lib/boinc
    environment:
      - BOINC_GUI_RPC_PASSWORD=123
      - BOINC_CMD_LINE_OPTIONS=--allow_remote_gui_rpc
```


## More Info
- How to build it yourself: `docker build -t boinc/client -f Dockerfile.base-ubuntu .`
- Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it boinc /bin/bash`
- Monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f boinc`
